Black Screen. 
You hear deep inhales and exhales until we see the sweaty back of someones shoulder and head. What is in front of them is blurry.
We are at a basketball court and two guys are playing one-on-one. Our main guy (character_1) is at the top of the key.

character_1: Check

Cut to black again. Solemn background music starts playing.
We cut to a courtside view of a basketball game that just finished where a few OBA players went against some randoms and lost.

random_guy_1: OBA sucks!

Cut to a clip of a game where someone in the OBA misses a wide open layup.
Cut to another clip where the OBA are sitting on the floor tired and sweaty.
Cut to someone (character_2) standing in the Octane board room facing the view. Their assistant (character_3) is sitting at the table off-screen.

character_2: (there's a few seconds of linger/pause. music stops.) We need to cut our losses.

Cut to a zoomed out shot where we see the assistant at the table along with their boss still standing by the window.

character_3: We need to give them more time.
character_2: (turns around furiously) For what?! They have no skills, no talent, no form or technique. They're a bunch of losers!
characters_3: They might be a whole lot of nothing but goddammit they have passion. If we can instill even an ounce of confidence
              in them then I think -- I know -- they can achieve a modicum of success. And once they get a taste, who knows how
              far they can reach.

Cut to a montage that starts out with a basketball drill. Then we insert a few clips in between this training session where the team
is making their shots in games. Eventually we get to the game-ending corner three where we pause it as the ball is in the air to use
that as the O to spell out OBA. Then we unpause and let the shot go in. Everyone is shaking hands for a well played game that we were
able to win.

character_4: OBA!

We cut to an Orsen Wells shot of Alex (character_4).

character_4: Get ready for some real competition.

Alex walks past the shot as we fade to black.


